[ADD] MRP: Two-step manufacturing (#5162)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/two_step_manufacturing.rst

======================
Two-step manufacturing
======================

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`

> Odoo *Manufacturing* allows users to manufacture products using one, two, or three steps. When using
> two-step manufacturing, Odoo creates a manufacturing order and a pick components transfer, but does
> not generate a transfer for the movement of finished products into stock. Inventory counts still
> update based on the number of products manufactured, but the act of transferring them to and from
> inventory is not tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo *Manufacturing* allows users to manufacture products using one, two, or three steps.

When using two-step manufacturing, Odoo creates a manufacturing order, and a pick components
transfer, but does **not** generate a transfer for the movement of finished products into stock.

Inventory counts still update based on the number of products manufactured, but the act of
transferring them to and from inventory is not tracked.
```
breaks up a kinda "chunky" intro paragraph into more "digestible" bites

:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, and then click
:guilabel:`New` to create a new manufacturing order.

On the new manufacturing order, select the product to be produced from the :guilabel:`Product`
drop-down menu. The :guilabel:`Bill of Material` field auto-populates with the associated Bill of
Materials (BoM).

If a product has more than one |BOM| configured for it, the specific |BOM| can be selected in the
:guilabel:`Bill of Material` field, and the :guilabel:`Product` field auto-populates with the
associated product.

After a |BOM| has been selected, the :guilabel:`Components` and :guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs
auto-populate with the components and operations specified on the |BOM|. If additional components or
operations are required for the manufacturing order being configured, add them to the
:guilabel:`Components` and :guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the manufacturing order.

Process pick components transfer
================================

After confirming a two-step manufacturing order, a :guilabel:`Transfers` smart button appears at the

> top of the page. Click it to open the pick components transfer for the manufacturing order. This
> transfer is used to track the movement of components from the locations where they are stored to the
> location where they are used to manufacture the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top of the page. Click it to open the pick components transfer for the manufacturing order.

This transfer is used to track the movement of components from the locations where they are stored
to the location where they are used to manufacture the product.
```

After transferring the components out of their storage location, click :guilabel:`Validate` at the
top of the transfer, followed by :guilabel:`Apply` on the :guilabel:`Immediate Transfer?` pop-up
window that appears. Doing so marks the transfer as :guilabel:`Done`, and updates inventory counts
to reflect the quantity of components transferred.

> Finally, return to the manufacturing order by clicking the :guilabel:`WH/MO/XXXXX` bread crumb at
> the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, return to the manufacturing order by clicking the :guilabel:`WH/MO/XXXXX` breadcrumb at the
top of the page.
```

.. image:: two_step_manufacturing/done-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Done button for an operation on a manufacturing order.

After completing all of the work orders, click :guilabel:`Produce All` at the top of the screen to
mark the manufacturing order as :guilabel:`Done`, and register the manufactured product(s) into
inventory.

Tablet view workflow
--------------------

To complete the work orders for a manufacturing order using the tablet view, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, then select a manufacturing
order.

Next, click on the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, then select the :guilabel:`📱 (tablet)` button on
the line of the first work order to be processed. This opens the tablet view.

.. image:: two_step_manufacturing/tablet-view-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The tablet view button for a work order on a manufacturing order.

After opening the tablet view, Odoo *Manufacturing* automatically starts a timer that keeps track of
how long the work order takes to complete. After completing the work order, click the
:guilabel:`Mark as Done` button in the top-right corner of the tablet view.

> Clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done` while there is at least one more work order left to complete opens
> a page that lists the next work order. Click on that work order to open it in the tablet view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done`, while there is *at least* one more work order left to complete,
opens a page that lists the next work order. Click on that work order to open it in the tablet view.
```

> Once the final work order for the manufacturing order has been reached, a :guilabel:`Mark as Done
> and Close MO` button appears on the tablet view in addition to the :guilabel:`Mark as Done` button.
> Click :guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO` to mark the manufacturing order as :guilabel:`Done`, and
> register the manufactured product(s) into inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the final work order for the manufacturing order has been reached, a :guilabel:`Mark as Done
and Close MO` button appears on the tablet view, in addition to the :guilabel:`Mark as Done` button.

Click :guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO` to mark the manufacturing order as :guilabel:`Done`, and
register the manufactured product(s) into inventory.
```

> It is also possible to complete the final operation while keeping the manufacturing order open, by
> clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done`. In this case, the manufacturing order can be closed at a later
> time by clicking the :guilabel:`Produce All` button on the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to complete the final operation, while keeping the manufacturing order open, by
clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done`. In this case, the manufacturing order can be closed at a later
time by clicking the :guilabel:`Produce All` button on the order.
```

======================
Two-step manufacturing
======================

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`

Odoo *Manufacturing* allows users to manufacture products using one, two, or three steps. When using
two-step manufacturing, Odoo creates a manufacturing order and a pick components transfer, but does

> not generate a transfer for the movement of finished products into stock. Inventory counts still
> update based on the number of products manufactured, but the act of transferring them to and from
> inventory is not tracked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not generate a transfer for the movement of finished products into stock. Inventory counts of
manufactured goods still update based on the number of products manufactured, but the act of
transferring them between the *Manufacturing* and *Inventory* apps is not tracked.
```

The sentence works as is, since I understood it after re-reading it a few more times, but I was thinking that there could be a bit more clarification about why the products are getting moved in the first place. When I first read this sentence, I was confused about *why* the products are getting moved between inventory and manufactured.

So, I suggested something that made a little bit more sense to me, but I think you can clarify best!

.. tip::
   The number of steps used in manufacturing is set at the warehouse level, allowing for each
   warehouse to use a different number of steps. To change the number of steps used for a specific
   warehouse, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Warehouses`,
   then select a warehouse from the :guilabel:`Warehouses` screen.

>    On the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, find the :guilabel:`Manufacture` radio input field
>    and select one of the three options: :guilabel:`Manufacture (1 step)`, :guilabel:`Pick components
>    and then manufacture (2 steps)`, or :guilabel:`Pick components, manufacture and then store
>    products (3 steps)`.

Reviewer 2: The "d" in "field" in the first line went beyond the 100 character max, so I reformatted the paragraph for you :smiley: 

```suggestion
   On the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, find the :guilabel:`Manufacture` radio input
   field and select one of the three options: :guilabel:`Manufacture (1 step)`, :guilabel:`Pick
   components and then manufacture (2 steps)`, or :guilabel:`Pick components, manufacture and then
   store products (3 steps)`.
```

to create a new manufacturing order.

On the new manufacturing order, select the product to be produced from the :guilabel:`Product`
drop-down menu. The :guilabel:`Bill of Material` field auto-populates with the associated Bill of
Materials (BoM).

If a product has more than one |BOM| configured for it, the specific |BOM| can be selected in the
:guilabel:`Bill of Material` field, and the :guilabel:`Product` field auto-populates with the
associated product.

After a |BOM| has been selected, the :guilabel:`Components` and :guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs
auto-populate with the components and operations specified on the |BOM|. If additional components or
operations are required for the manufacturing order being configured, add them to the
:guilabel:`Components` and :guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the manufacturing order.

Process pick components transfer
================================

After confirming a two-step manufacturing order, a :guilabel:`Transfers` smart button appears at the
top of the page. Click it to open the pick components transfer for the manufacturing order. This

> transfer is used to track the movement of components from the locations where they are stored to the
> location where they are used to manufacture the product.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transfer is used to track the movement of components from storage locations to manufacturing
locations for product assembly.
```
To just shorten this paragraph even more. Completely optional if brevity took away its original meaning (:

.. image:: two_step_manufacturing/transfers-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Transfers smart button on a manufacturing order.

After transferring the components out of their storage location, click :guilabel:`Validate` at the
top of the transfer, followed by :guilabel:`Apply` on the :guilabel:`Immediate Transfer?` pop-up

> window that appears. Doing so moves the transfer to the :guilabel:`Done` stage and updates inventory

Reviewer 2: I think this is the first instance of this doc talking about "stages". Do you think this is something readers should know at this point? Maybe in the following **Transfers** smart button screenshot, it can also include an image of the Done stage, where you point it out with an arrow? Just a thought!

> counts to reflect the quantity of components transferred.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
counts to match the transferred component quantities.
```

Finally, return to the manufacturing order by clicking the :guilabel:`WH/MO/XXXXX` bread crumb at
the top of the page.

> .. image:: two_step_manufacturing/mo-bread-crumb.png

Reviewer 2: Very useful image to point out the new (and somewhat confusing) breacrumb!
